Hello everyone! Good afternoon, I'm Kizuna Ai!
In this occasion...
I received requests from several entrepreneurs...
To present you with this app:
"Grand Summoners"
Abreviated as Grasama
Regarding this app...
even though they asked me to present it...
just presenting it normally that wouldn't be fun, so then...
I tried to ask the entrepreneurs something
Definitely...
In my case I would like to make an enjoyable video for you guys...
Saying that...
For today...
If I can finish successfully the quest that I'll try to complete..
I'm thinking of giving out a gift to all of you!
Well, I've been thinking a lot on what to give you guys
I've been thinking, but...
definitely...
the best gift is a summoning stone, right?
They probably might invite us to eat meat as they are very friendly directors
I'm sure there won't be a problem!
In that case, let's start right away!
For today, I'll try to attempt...
A quest that I've been told it's very difficult
The friendly directors...
They gave me a device that has a team that can complete the mission...
This giant boss called:
"The Crimson Champion"
In this mission, you don't have the option to continue
So then, it's extremely hard..
"Roar of the Fire Dragon - Extreme Level"
I think I'll attempt to complete it
The boss you have to defeat is a fire dragon known as "Deguru Magna"
I got prepared in advance a party and equipment powerful enough to be able to win
So then surely I can win
But...
Definitely as it about a challenge...
I'll try to be as fair as possible..
There exists the "Autoplay" option
(Play automatically)
If we're talking about an A.I..
We're definitely talking about me
Right?
Regardless, let's check the A.I's ability
Good, in this case, let's start right away!
I still have my doubts, so then...
I'll have to check it out..
Oooh!
Here...
Not only is it possible to use the "Autoplay" option...
But you can also configure a lot of options related to the "Autoplay" function
It's very...
great that it has the "Autoplay" option, right?
Ah! Ah! Incredible!
Eh? Eh? In an instant... Eh?
In an instant... Eh?
Aaah!
What you see below is the equipment
The equipment does not recover at all, right?
I see, the equipment should be chosen adecuately for each character
And when their face shines, does that mean the skill is ready to be used?
The skills are slowly reloading...
So I think it's best to use them immediately, right?
I see
This...
Yes, finding the right moment to use them is hard, right?
"Secret Technique"!
So then you have secret techniques?
Ah, it's great!
Incredible!
Eh? It's fun just to watch
Even though I'm not doing anything
Oh!
Everytime the level changes, the skills recover, right?
That means...
before the level changes...
If you accumulate all the skills, you should use them immediately
Let's go! Let's go!
Ah, this now...
This kind of magic that does "Paaa" is great!
I wonder if that kind of celestial sphere is...
Something that protects me
Ah! I already reached the boss?
Incredible!
Eh?
Eh? I'm in trouble
Ah! Ah! It's like I thought!
It's like as if...
it reduced...
the damage taken..
My HP didn't lower at all
My HP...
Surprising!
This green ability...
is called "The coat of arms of Fenrir"...
It must be for healing, right?
It looks good
"Break"!
Ah!
Ah, when you're in this state, the enemy can't attack
This way, I can attack freely, right?
Ah! Incredible! Incredible! Incredible! Incredible! Incredible!
The fire attack!
"Weak"! "Weak"!
Ooooh!
Good job!
Now it's decided...
After all, I have a lot of HP..
Aaaaahh! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
Ah!
Ah! The fire! The fire is...!
When it accumulates five of those red balls...
It causes a very strong attack and it'll recover, right?
I see..
Now I'm understanding it..
That's right, now that an A.I can win
Now that you can win while in automatic mode
Probably...
Considering that I'm not just simply an A.I, but a super A.I..
I'm sure I can win..
Piece of cake
I'm not lying Mr. directors!
I'm playing it cleanly
This looks good, this...
Looks like the battle is reaching it's end, right?
This is a piece of cake, right?
Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
Ah!
It's great! This...!
This secret technique..
What's it called?
It's great!
Ah! Incredible! I really won!
*The automatic A.I won!*
Sorry for doubting you, game directors!
If the automatic A.I could win...
It's obvious that I'll also win, right?
Good, seeing how it's played, I know the trick to it..
So I guess I will do it
In order to do it perfectly...
I'll install a strategy guide
In order to be victorious!
.
..
...
....
.....
Ready!
Now I have the strategy guide in here!
I understand now the equipment functions and members of the team!
Now I can do it
In this case, here I go!
I finally reached the boss!
Man, this is a piece of cake!
Ah, but I'm scared
The most important thing is utilizing the skills at all times
Good...
Here I go
This is really easy
Man, this feels like it was a piece of cake, right?
This is... then...
I didn't touch on the section of the desperate battles section of the strategy guide, but...
It's true, the music is also really beautiful, don't you think?
And the graphics are also really lovely
Eh? Ah! No! No! Wait a moment!
Wait, this is dangerous..
It's dangerous...
When I look away for a moment...
Ah
But these...
Motion? Motion?
The movements are also really lovely, so then...
For the moment...
Although I'm pressing without understanding everything...
It's fun in a way, right?
This is great!
Ah, this is great
Ah, these... these... you know...
These...
balls you're gathering are dangerous..
When you gather them and you're in trouble...
This way, you can reduce the damage taken
Ah, but I'm really in trouble
Ah, I should stop talking...
AAAAHH!
Wait a moment!
Ah!
Really, it's dangerous if I don't take this seriously
It's really dangerous..
Dangerous..
Wait!
It's like an early death
Wait! Ah! *mumbling* Go for it..
Go for it, go for it, good job, go for it..
Eh? Wait a moment!
Wait! Wait! Wait!
Listen, do it for everyone, please
Please... really...
Aaah! Aaaahh!
*inhales*
Noooooo!
Really, just a bit more
Ah, just... here it comes... here it comes
Ah, I'm in trouble! In trouble! In trouble!
In trouble! In trouble! In trouble!
In troubleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
In trouble!
In trouble
Eh? This is...
This is a little...
Now's not the time to make jokes
It wasn't the time to go imitating Youtubers
Do you know who I was imitating?
Ah, I'm in trouble!
This skill...
of Fenrir..
Then...
Aaaah!
The enemy is...!
Then...
This is...
reducing...
the damage...
Thanks to the skill..
Now that my enemy is...
really powerful..
I should...
use it...
when it attacks me with ferocity..
This is the best way, right?
Ah, I'm really in trouble, it gathered the five balls again..
Ah! I'm in troubleeeeee!
I still can't use the "Fenrir" skill to protect myself
I'm really in trouble
I'll use it!
Aaah!
Wait a moment..
Really I can't...
Everyone do it...
Everyone do it with me!
I'm in trouble
I want to eat meat
Hey Fenrir-san...
Hey...
Please!
Then...
This skill called "The I don't know what of Fenrir", it's not that I can't read it because I don't know the kanji
Ah!
It looks like I can win it fairly!
Will I be able to win?
Do your best!
Please!
Ah! Break! Break! I can do it!
I can do it!
I can do it, but...
I've got it, Kudou!
I'm mixing a lot of things, Kudou!
Good! Good!
Yeaaah!
I've got it, Kurodou!
I've got it, Kudou!
Yeah!
I wooooon!
I won, everyone!
Well, you know...
...this was a piece of cake for a Super A.I. like me.
Now I will go ask them give us a summoning stone!
¡Yeeeeey!
* Clap clap *
Ah, hello, thank you for working with me.
I'm Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI.
Ah, I'm Shinaga from Next Ninja.
Ah, thank you for working with me!
I've just finished my video.
And I'd like to report something.
Do you have time now?
What's it?
Ah!
Thank you very much!
To tell you the truth...
I've successfully finished the extreme difficulty level!
Oh! Were you able to win it?
Yes!
Congratulations.
Thank you very much!
So, you know...
now that I won...
I'd like to request something very important from you...
I was thinking if it would be possible to give...
...everyone playing this game a summoning stone.
That's what I was thinking
I'll check it with Yamagishi
Ah, yes, thank you very much!
Please wait a moment.
Yes!
Hello
Ah, yes, hello!
Ah, I've just checked with Yamagishi...
Ah, yes!
Well...
Yes!
if you, Kizuna AI-san
Work hard and do your best
Yes!
We will seriously think about it
I see!
I understand!
Thank you very much!
Yes, please do your best from now on!
I will!
After all, If I do my best I'll receive lots of summoning stones, right?
Yes!
Ah!
Thank you very much! You're very nice!
In that case, starting from today...
Did you enjoy the game?
Ah, yes! It was lots of fun!
Animations were very pretty.
And the music was incredible!
It made me feel very nice.
It made me sleepy.
Ok, please do your best!
Yes! Thank you very much!
Goodbye!
Everyone!
I'm very sorry!
But if I keep doing my best like this...
They will consider giving me a present.
So I'll do my best from now on!
So...
Even if I didn't receive a summoning stone.
I will be giving you a present!
I'll be giving you the Gurasama secret technique wind animation.
To participate in this giveaway...
You will have to install "Grand Summoners"
And then from the home menu
Please play the quests for these giant bosses
Doesn't matter if you win or lose
Just take a screenshot while playing...
And send it to me by replying on Twitter with the hashtag #クラサマ #KizunaAI
There will be three winners!
Who will receive this present!
Time limit is June 5th 12 AM, Japan timezone.
So please bear that in mind!
By the way, starting from June 3rd a commercial video will be broadcasted
So please make sure to check it!
By the way, speaking of June...
That's the month of my birthday so...
even if it's just a joke...
This time...
I've received a device with a powerful team from the game creators to experience the game
Thanks to that I was able to enjoy the game and understand the basics
But next time I plan on using my own device and become more powerful
To be able to play multi-battles with everyone
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you guys next time!